# Privacy Policy for Ergomant

Last updated: May 06, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our attitude and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Data when using the Application.

Authors of the Application positively accept the idea of protecting Personal Data and endeavor to provide this protection in the Application.

Our first priority is not to collect or share any Personal Data in any form, if possible, based on the idea of the Application.

**A summary of the principles of this Privacy Policy**: this Application do not collect, do not use, do not share, do not sell and do not disclose to anyone any Personal Data from You.

By using Application, You agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions

Words written with an initial capital letter have the meanings given below (both singular and plural) and apply throughout the text of all chapters of this Privacy Policy.

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Application** refers to Ergomant, the software program (or a distribution package with the necessary files to access and use the software, including Notification Daemon for desktop version, as appropriate to the context) provided by the Authors.

- **Notification Daemon** refers to Ergomant Notification Daemon executable, which is part of the desktop distribution package of the Application, provided by the Authors.

- **Authors** (referred to as either "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Privacy Policy) means individuals who are directly related to the creation of the Application.

- **Country** refers to Russian Federation.

- **Device** means any device that allows you to use or access the Application (for example, computer, smartphone, tablet, etc.).

- **Storage** means any storage medium in the Device that is designed to record and store data for long periods of time, such as hard disks, SSD drives, SD cards, etc.

- **OS** refers to operating system.

- **Personal Data** is any personal or sensitive information that can be used to identify an individual or from which identification can be made.

- **Application Data** refers to structured data compatible with the functionality of the Application, either data generated by the functions of the Application (for example, project files that store operational data).

- **You** means the individual or group of individuals accessing and/or using the Application, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual or group of individuals is accessing and/or using the Application, where appropriate.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

**Application do not collect Personal Data from You**. Application do not use any built-in or third party services, tools or functions that collect any Personal Data. Application do not use cookies or other tracking technologies to collect or store any Personal Data.

Application do not share or sell any Personal Data to third parties. Application do not disclose any Personal Data to anyone.

## Application Data and permission

For correct functioning at startup and when trying to open or save a file the Application requests the OS of Your Device for permissions to read and write files in the Storage in the part of memory where the OS allows You to read and write files according to the level of user permissions granted to You.

Due to this, using the built-in file access functions of the Application, you can command the Application to open any file in an authorized part of the Storage, after which the Application will read and process that file. File processing involves only checking the file for the required Application Data.

If the processing of that file fails (in other words, the file is not acceptable Application Data for use), the data of that file is discarded, not used, not stored and not transferred anywhere by Application. If the reading of the file is successful and the Application finds the required Application Data, the Application uses this data for work.

When you use the save command, the Application generates or rewrites a file with Application Data. The Application Data structure does not contain elements designed to collect Personal Data.

Application Data generated by the Application are not encrypted and are available to You at any time.

## Notifications and permission

To fully perform its functioning the Application may request the OS of Your Device for permissions to send notifications about timers completion.

In the desktop version, the Application may need permission to create a file in the Application directory with timestamps of running timers in order to send notifications about their completion via Notification Daemon. Also in the desktop version, the Application may request permission to access the OS terminal, through which Notification Daemon is launched, whose function is to monitor the timestamps of running timers and send a notification to the OS when it is finished.

This Notification Daemon at startup also requests access to the file generated by the main Application, which, in addition to timestamps, may contain a process identifier (different from system process identifiers), which is updated by the Notification Daemon itself if it was once launched and which the Notification Daemon will try to terminate in order to avoid duplication of Notification Daemon processes to avoid duplication of timer completion notifications. When all time stamps specified in the file have been reached and all notifications have been sent, this Notification Daemon will overwrite the file with empty data fields and terminate its own process. However, You can close this Notification Daemon at any time.

## Links to Other Websites

The Application may contain links to third party sites or services that We do not own, and We assume no responsibility for the content, practices, Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Your use of them.

When You following links to these sites, We recommend You carefully review the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use of these sites before using them.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy occasionally. We recommend You check this page for the latest version of this Privacy Policy.

Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective upon publishing them on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact Us:

By email: mathgumprod@gmail.com